Welcome to Finish. Please review the following terms and conditions regarding your use of the app titled “Finish”. By accessing, using or subscribing, purchasing, or downloading any content from the app or website you agree to follow and are bound by the terms and conditions. If you fail to do so, then you may not use the app. The terms and conditions encompass explain how the app is operated, ways permitted to use the app, and any support services.

Changes to the Terms & Conditions
We have the right to change the terms and conditions at any point. The updated version will be posted here, on the website. So it is the responsibility of the user to continue to check the modified terms and conditions regularly. Continued use of the app implies that the user acknowledges these changes.

Privacy Policy
Any information including personally identifiable information and payment account information, you submit to our app is governed by the privacy policy. The privacy policy encompasses any and all information you may provide to our app either for purposes of account creation, submitting an order or inquiry to receive further information, updates about our app/service.

Security
By creating an account with Finish, you as the user must acknowledge that your are solely responsible for not disclosing your gmail or facebook information to anyone as they are the two methods of login. If there is some suspicion of a breach of security, notify the Finish team immediately.

Restrictions On and Termination of Use of the App/Service
We have the right to suspend any account that does not comply with the terms written below. You are responsible following the terms and conditions. Also it is your obligation to comply with any applicable state, federal and international law. Any breach of the terms and conditions listed below may result in termination of use of the app/service.
Collecting information about the app or about users of the app without written consent
Changing any content within the app without written consent
Accessing or using our app for competitive purposes
Impersonating another person or representative of an organization
Distributing other viruses or harmful computer code
Allowing other people to impersonate you on the app
Using the app in a way that has any intent of hurting or harming someone else

Age Restriction
You must be at least 13 years of age to use this app or service. By using the app, you are confirming that you are at least 13 years old.


Links
Any links to other services and websites on the app are not necessarily endorsements. Finish is not liable for anything on external link or website.

Intellectual Property Rights
Finish is the owner of any intellectual property found on the app. This intellectual property cannot be used without written consent by one of the owners.

Copyright Infringement Notice
All users of the app represent and warrant they shall comply with any applicable copyright laws. In the event of any infringement of copyright, the user's account will be terminated. If anything is to be copied, a user must require written consent from one of the owners of the app.

Disclaimer
You agree that the use of this app is at your sole risk and nobody elses. Finish assumes no responsibility for any personal or property damage resulting from the production of the user using a feature on the app as well as access to our services.

Limitation of Liability
Finish is not responsible for any damage to your computer, phone or any other telecommunication device. In addition, Finish is not responsible for any personal injury caused by a user using the app. Finish is not liable for any sort action performed by a user who currently uses the app.

Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Finish harmless for any losses, expenses, damages and costs that are attributed to actions done by the user.

Conflicts
Shall a conflict or contradiction exist between these terms and conditions and any others which relate to a particular section of the app, the specific terms relevant to that section will prevail.

Severability
Any provision found in the terms and conditions to be unenforceable will not void nor affect other provisions of this agreement.

Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us with any questions or concerns regarding the terms and conditions or anything else. Our email is finishtheapp@gmail.com.
